LOONA TV [Butterfly] MV START!
yyxy leader aiming after Kim Lip’s vacant
What are you doing!!
What are you guys… DOING!!!
Right now! We are stand by-ing on our first scene from the Butterfly MV!
I am nervous….
I am nervous…
Yes, I am nervous too…
I was dancing in my dream last night…
I know ~ same!
Practiced their [Butterfly] choreography so hard that it was in their dreams!
Leaving in 10 minutes~
We are told that we are leaving in 10 minutes~
Should we practice before??
Yes, okay then! We shall practice~
I am a butterfly~ a butterfly!
A Butterfly Wave
Can you guess what Go Won’s animal represents as~?
(Autotuned) Butterfly~~
Then can you guess the title of our new song~~?
Butterfly….
(Flirting) Ms. Go Won~~~
Eww….